README.adoc, before:

= Quarkus extension for Apache Cassandra®

image::https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.datastax.oss.quarkus/cassandra-quarkus-client/badge.svg[]

An Apache Cassandra(R) extension for Quarkus.

== Getting the extension

The extension artifact is published in Maven central, under the group id
link:http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.datastax.oss%22.quarkus%22[com.datastax.oss.quarkus]:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.datastax.oss.quarkus</groupId>
  <artifactId>cassandra-quarkus-client</artifactId>
  <version>${cassandra-quarkus.version}</version>
</dependency>
----

== Compatibility

The extension is compatible with Quarkus version `2.16.2.Final` and higher.

It requires Java 11 or higher.

== Useful links

* link:quickstart/README.adoc[Quickstart guide]
* Bug tracking: link:https://github.com/datastax/cassandra-quarkus/issues[Issues]
* Quarkus link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/quarkus-dev[Mailing list]
* link:changelog/[Changelog]

== License

&copy; DataStax, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


DataStax is a registered trademark of DataStax, Inc. and its subsidiaries in the United States 
and/or other countries.

Apache Cassandra, Apache, Tomcat, Lucene, Solr, Hadoop, Spark, TinkerPop, and Cassandra are 
trademarks of the [Apache Software Foundation](http://www.apache.org/) or its subsidiaries in
Canada, the United States and/or other countries.

Commit message:

Update Quarkus version to 3.0.0.CR2 (#227)
Co-authored-by: Madhavan Sridharan <madhavan.sridharan@datastax.com>

README.adoc, after:

= Quarkus extension for Apache Cassandra®

image::https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.datastax.oss.quarkus/cassandra-quarkus-client/badge.svg[]

An Apache Cassandra(R) extension for Quarkus.

== Getting the extension

The extension artifact is published in Maven central, under the group id
link:http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Cg%3A%22com.datastax.oss%22.quarkus%22[com.datastax.oss.quarkus]:

[source,xml]
----
<dependency>
  <groupId>com.datastax.oss.quarkus</groupId>
  <artifactId>cassandra-quarkus-client</artifactId>
  <version>${cassandra-quarkus.version}</version>
</dependency>
----

== Compatibility

The extension is compatible with Quarkus version `2.16.2.Final` and higher.

It requires Java 11 or higher. Quarkus 3 requires at least Maven version `3.6.3` or higher to build correctly (see [Quarkus3 notes](https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/wiki/Migration-Guide-3.0#maven-versions)).

== Useful links

* link:quickstart/README.adoc[Quickstart guide]
* Bug tracking: link:https://github.com/datastax/cassandra-quarkus/issues[Issues]
* Quarkus link:https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/quarkus-dev[Mailing list]
* link:changelog/[Changelog]

== License

&copy; DataStax, Inc.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.


DataStax is a registered trademark of DataStax, Inc. and its subsidiaries in the United States 
and/or other countries.

Apache Cassandra, Apache, Tomcat, Lucene, Solr, Hadoop, Spark, TinkerPop, and Cassandra are 
trademarks of the [Apache Software Foundation](http://www.apache.org/) or its subsidiaries in
Canada, the United States and/or other countries.
